Docs: Add BigQuery migration to breaking changes doc (#69947)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/breaking-changes/breaking-changes-v10-0.md

Update the plugin to version 1.8.3 or higher in your Grafana instance management console. This will ensure your plugin query editor works as intended.

> ### Required update to Official Grafana BigQuery plugin; DoiT International BigQuery plugin no longer supported

Reviewer: Can we just go with a shorter heading? 
```suggestion
### DoiT International BigQuery plugin no longer supported
```

#### You are affected if:

You've installed and are using the [DoiT International BigQuery data source plugin](https://github.com/doitintl/bigquery-grafana).

#### Description

Grafana v10.0.0 no longer supports the use of the [DoiT International BigQuery data source plugin](https://github.com/doitintl/bigquery-grafana), which was moved to a "retired" state in the latter half of 2022, and whose GitHub repo was archived December 2022. For these BigQuery data sources to continue functioning, users are required to migrate to the [Official Grafana BigQuery data source plugin](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource/).

#### Migration path

> For everyone using Grafana 8.5+, it’s possible to import queries created with the DoiT International BigQuery community plugin by simply changing the data source to Grafana BigQuery in the data source selector in the affected panel. Please note that queries will be imported as raw SQL queries. More can be found [here](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource#importing-queries-created-with-doit-international-bigquery-datasource-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For everyone using Grafana 8.5+, it’s possible to import queries created with the DoiT International BigQuery community plugin by simply changing the data source to Grafana BigQuery in the data source selector in the affected panel. Please note that [queries will be imported](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource#importing-queries-created-with-doit-international-bigquery-datasource-plugin) as raw SQL queries. 

#### Learn more 

[Information about importing DoiT International BigQuery queries](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource#importing-queries-created-with-doit-international-bigquery-datasource-plugin).
```

> 
> **Note:**

Reviewer: Not sure if there's something missing here or if this isn't needed
```suggestion
```

Update the plugin to version 1.8.3 or higher in your Grafana instance management console. This will ensure your plugin query editor works as intended.

### DoiT International BigQuery plugin no longer supported

#### You are affected if:

You've installed and are using the [DoiT International BigQuery data source plugin](https://github.com/doitintl/bigquery-grafana).

#### Description

Grafana v10.0.0 no longer supports the use of the [DoiT International BigQuery data source plugin](https://github.com/doitintl/bigquery-grafana), which was moved to a "retired" state in the latter half of 2022, and whose GitHub repo was archived December 2022. For these BigQuery data sources to continue functioning, users are required to migrate to the [Official Grafana BigQuery data source plugin](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource/).

#### Migration path

> For everyone using Grafana 8.5+, it’s possible to import queries created with the DoiT International BigQuery community plugin by simply changing the data source to Grafana BigQuery in the data source selector in the affected panel. Please note that [queries will be imported](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource#importing-queries-created-with-doit-international-bigquery-datasource-plugin) as raw SQL queries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For everyone using Grafana v8.5+, it’s possible to import queries created with the DoiT International BigQuery community plugin by simply changing the data source to Grafana BigQuery in the data source selector in the affected panel. Please note that [queries will be imported](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource#importing-queries-created-with-doit-international-bigquery-datasource-plugin) as raw SQL queries. 
```

#### Learn more 

> [Information about importing DoiT International BigQuery queries](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource#importing-queries-created-with-doit-international-bigquery-datasource-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Information about importing DoiT International BigQuery queries](https://github.com/grafana/google-bigquery-datasource#importing-queries-created-with-doit-international-bigquery-datasource-plugin).
```
